[n64 import mod]

for PAL and NTSC consoles

you might wonder what an "import mod" is,basically,it's an
internal modification inside the n64 that lets you play import games
on your console without the need of an adaptor or somethin else.
i never found infos on the net about such a mod,dunno why,perhaps because
only europeans suffer from this problem,between japanese and
american carts,there is no lockout incompatiblity,just the tabs in the cart slot
that need to be cut away,so propably im the first to do this 
tell me if im wrong on that one...
this mod is complete and runs ALL NTSC AND PAL CARTS(obviously ;) on a PAL- or NTSC-N64.

You need the following parts:

NINTENDO64 ;-) pal and ntsc version 
good soldering skills 
5 2-way switches 
screwdrivers for nintendo systems(since you aint got them,ill explain you how to make them yourself ;-) 
some desolder pump or what its called.is not neccessary,but VERY useful,i recommend you get one for about $5 in ur electronics store 

the mod works like this:

basically you just cut out the security-chip [PIF(P)-NUS] out of a pal-n64 and connect most pins to the equivalent pins of the ntsc security-chip [PIF-NUS] of a ntsc-n64.the pins
that were not connected are seperated and soldered via 5 two-way switches to the pcb.
now you can switch between pal and ntsc n64 settings and there are NO limitations,EVERY single cart will work ;)
be warned:
you should only do this mod if you are experienced with soldering and stuff!!
while doing this mod,you mess around with the pins of smd-chips,that will break if you bend
them more than 2 times.(if they do,you even need to open the chip itself and this is REALLY tricky,trust me >:-[ ) 

ok,you should do it like this:
open both n64 (how to build a nintendo screwdriver is explained in the cheap mod guide).
now you have 2 choices:
take out the PIF-NUS of a pal n64(use a needle and a soldering iron to lift up the pins) and solder it directly onto the ntsc-pif,but i cant recommend this one,cause its very likely that you break a pin.
for me,the best choice was to desolder both,the ntsc and the pal PIF-NUS,solder both on seperate pcb ( you can buy readymade boards for all kinds of smd-chips in your fav electronic store) and run wires from these pcbs.that means you arent in danger of breaking any pins on the PIFs,cause these little babys are worth a whole n64,you know ;)


once this is done,run wires from a pifs pins that are marked green on the pic to their equivalent pins on the other pif and the pcb(bad explanation,sorry ;)
for example you run a wire from PIF(P)-NUS pin 1 to pin 1 of PIF-NUS and to pin 1 on the pcb,so all pin 1s are hooked up together.
run wires from the pins marked white to ground somewhere on the n64 board.
the other pins running from pif-nus and pif(P)-nus are connected to the pcb via a relais and a 2 way switch(or a jk flip flop + button if ur cool dude ;)

to switch all lines at once (theres no relais in the diagram coz i was too lazy,but u know how to wire them lines up ;)

so you can decide if the n64 uses the pins of the pal or the ntsc pif.

the pink pins on the pcbs are not connected.

thats it, you are done now.
mail me for further questions :)

btw,since your pal n64 is not working anymore,you can send it to nintendo of europe

and tell them to fix it,it isnt expensive.



always remember,this mod was invented by ME(i searched the whole net and didnt find anything like this,perhaps something similar exist somewhere,but this mod is 100% from my brain ;)
if you wanna put it on your page,you are free to do so,as long as you inform me and GIVE
ME FULL CREDITS ;)
ohh,and of course i'm in no way responsible if you damage your n64 or something.

